Slaughter me temporarily kill me Mu Qing
I temporarily guarded the hero for hundreds of years
It ended up like this
Today I will pay tribute to my mother with your blood
I also want to temporarily buy a bite to eat with the sky
Hahahaha
My Northern Palace is all over the world
What is your supreme bone without it?
Today, I will let you see what is the most arrogant in the world
This is your life
My Life
Even if I deserve it
Starting today, I will also change my life against the sky
I want the heaven to collapse against me
I want determination
Don't bother me to die
A little something, but that's about it.
I have integrated the supreme and will fight
Want to fight me too
I can't help it.
It is your honor to die at the hands of a lion
Except for my father in Daxia
I am already an invincible existence, and I will kill you in the next issue.